Dynamic Pro­gram­ming

24	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Find longest Snake sequence in a given matrix
23	Max­i­mum dif­fer­ence between two ele­ments where larger ele­ment appears after the smaller ele­ment
22	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Count all paths in 2D Matrix with Obstruc­tions in it
21	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Edit Dis­tance Prob­lem
20	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Coin In a Line Game Prob­lem
19	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Box Stack­ing Prob­lem
18	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Split the String into Min­i­mum num­ber of Palin­dromes
17	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — High­way Bill­board Prob­lem
16	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Max­i­mum Sub­ar­ray Prob­lem
15	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Longest Palin­dromic Sub­se­quence
14	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Max­i­mum Prod­uct Cut­ting Prob­lem
13	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Min­i­mum Num­bers are Required Whose Square Sum is Equal To a Given Num­ber
12	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Longest Com­mon Sub­string
11	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Coin Change Prob­lem
10	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Min­i­mum Cost Path Prob­lem
9	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Longest Com­mon Sub­se­quence
8	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Rod Cut­ting Prob­lem
7	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming —The Word Break Prob­lem
6	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Sub­set Sum Prob­lem
5	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Max­i­mum size square sub-matrix with all 1s
4	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Longest Increas­ing Sub­se­quence
3	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Stairs Climb­ing Puz­zle
2	Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Min­i­mum Coin Change Prob­lem
1	Intro­duc­tion To Dynamic Pro­gram­ming — Fibonacci Series


Back­track­ing
9	The Word Break Prob­lem
8	Print All The Per­mu­ta­tions Of a String
7	Knight’s Tour Prob­lem
6	Search a Word In a Matrix
5	N Queens Prob­lem — Bet­ter Solu­tion
4	N Queens Prob­lem
3	Rat In A Maze Puz­zle
2	SUDOKU Solver
1	Intro­duc­tion To Back­track­ing Pro­gram­ming

Threaded Binary Tree
4	Con­vert Binary Tree into Threaded Binary Tree
3	Dou­ble Threaded Binary Tree Com­plete Implementation
2	Sin­gle Threaded Binary Tree Com­plete Implementation
1	Intro­duc­tion to Threaded Binary Tree

Trees/ Binary Tree/ Binary Search Tree
72	Con­vert BST to Greater Sum Tree
71	Get the Sum of all left leaves in a Binary tree
70	Con­vert binary tree to its Sum tree
69	Binary Tree-Postorder Tra­ver­sal — Non Recur­sive Approach
68	Binary Tree — Pre­order Tra­ver­sal — Non Recur­sive Approach
67	Binary Tree-Inorder Tra­ver­sal — Non Recur­sive Approach
66	Delete the Binary Tree
65	Search the Ele­ment in a binary tree — With and With­out Recursion
64	Tree Tra­ver­sals
63	Find the Size of a Binary Tree with­out Recursion
62	Merge K Sorted Arrays
61	Breadth-First Search/Traversal in a Binary Tree
60	Diam­e­ter Of a Binary Tree
59	Pro­vide the Next Sib­lings Point­ers in a Given Binary Tree
58	Find the Deep­est Left Node in a Binary Tree.
57	Find the Max ele­ment in a Given Binary Tree
56	Check If One Binary is Mir­ror Tree of another Binary Tree.
55	Find If Path Exist in Binary Tree with Sum=X
54	Reverse Level Order Tra­ver­sal
53	Find the Deep­est Node in a Binary Tree.
52	Find the Height of a tree with­out Recur­sion
51	Print All The Full Nodes in a Binary Tree
50	Binary Min — Max Heap
49	Print the Bot­tom View of a Binary Tree
48	AVL Tree — Inser­tion
47	Con­struct a binary tree from given Inorder and Level Order Tra­ver­sal
46	Con­struct Binary Search Tree from a given Pre­order Tra­ver­sal Using Stack (With­out Recur­sion)
45	Con­struct Binary Search Tree from a given Pre­order Tra­ver­sal using Recur­sion
44	Print The Top View of a Binary Tree
43	Con­struct a Binary Tree from Given Inorder and Depth-First-Search.
42	Depth First Search/Traversal in Binary Tree
41	Inorder Pre­de­ces­sor and Suc­ces­sor in Binary Search Tree
40	Print All The Nodes Which are X dis­tance from the Leaf Nodes
39	Print All The Nodes Which are X dis­tance from the Root
38	Find the Dis­tance between Two Nodes of a Binary Tree.
37	Find The Dis­tance From Root To Given Node of a Binary Tree.
36	Con­struct a binary tree from given Inorder and Pos­torder Tra­ver­sal
35	Print the Ver­ti­cal Sum in binary Tree .
34	Print the Binary Tree in Ver­ti­cal Order Path.
33	Low­est Com­mon Ances­tor in a Binary Tree (Not Binary Search Tree).
32	Low­est Com­mon Ances­tor in a Binary Search Tree.
31	Make a Binary Tree from Given Inorder and Pre­order Trav­eral.
30	Given a binary tree, find out the max­i­mum sum of value from root to each leaf.
29	Reverse Alter­nate lev­els of a given Binary Tree.
28	Given a Sorted Singly Linked List Array, Con­vert it into a Bal­anced Binary search Tree.
27	Given a binary tree, Con­vert it into its Mir­ror Tree
26	Given a binary tree, Print All the Nodes that don’t have Sib­lings.
25	Con­vert a Sorted Dou­bly Linked List to Bal­anced BST.
24	Given a binary tree, Find the Max­i­mum Path Sum between Any Two Leaves
23	Print Left View of a given binary tree
22	Print Right View of a given binary tree
21	In a Binary Tree, Check if Two nodes has the same par­ent or are sib­lings
20	In a Binary Tree, Check if two nodes are Cousins
19	Check if Two BST’s are Iden­ti­cal
18	Print Paths from root to all leaf nodes in a binary tree.
17	Print All Nodes Between Two Given Lev­els
16	Find the max­i­mum width of a binary tree
15	Level Order Tra­ver­sal in Zig Zag pat­tern OR Print in Spi­ral Pat­tern
14	Deter­mine whether given binary tree is binary search tree(BST) or not
13	Find the Size of the Binary Tree
12	Given two binary trees, check if one binary tree is a sub­tree of another
11	Print a path from Root to Node in Binary Tree
10	Inorder Suc­ces­sor in Binary Search Tree with­out Using Par­ent link
9	Inorder Suc­ces­sor in Binary Search Tree Using Par­ent link
8	Inorder Suc­ces­sor in Binary Tree
7	Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree of Min­i­mal Height
6	In a Binary Tree, Cre­ate Linked Lists of all the nodes at each depth.
5	Level Order Tra­ver­sal, Print each level in sep­a­rate line.
4	Find whether if a Given Binary Tree is Bal­anced?
3	Get the Height of a Node in a Binary Tree
2	Find the Max­i­mum Depth OR Height of a Binary Tree
1	Binary Search Tree Com­plete Imple­men­ta­tion.


Linked List
26	Cir­cu­lar Linked List Com­plete Implementation
25	Dou­bly Linked List Com­plete Implementation
24	Imple­ment Stack Using Linked List
23	Reverse Alter­na­tive ‘k’ nodes in a Linked List.
22	Swap Nodes in pairs in a Linked List by chang­ing links
21	Reverse a Linked List in groups of given size ‘K’
20	Reverse The Dou­bly Linked List
19	Swap Kth Node from the front with the Kth Node from the End
18	Delete X Nodes After Y Nodes In a Linked List
17	Merge Sort in a Linked list
16	Merge a Linked list into another Linked List at Alter­nate Posi­tions.
15	Given a Sorted Singly Linked List Array, Con­vert it into a Bal­anced Binary search Tree.
14	Con­vert a Sorted Dou­bly Linked List to Bal­anced BST.
13	In a Binary Tree, Cre­ate Linked Lists of all the nodes at each depth.
12	Add two num­bers rep­re­sented by a linked list, Num­bers are Stored in FORWARD order
11	Add two num­bers rep­re­sented by a linked list, Num­bers are Stored in REVERSE order
10	Reverse a Linked List — Part 2
9	Swap Every Kth Node in a LinkedList
8	Delete a Node in the Mid­dle of a linked list, Given only access to that Node
7	To find the kth to Last Ele­ment of a Singly Linked List
6	Remove Dupli­cates from an Unsorted Linked list
5	Find Inter­sec­tion Point in Two Linked List
4	Find the Loop in a Linked list, find its length and Break the Loop
3	Reverse a Linked List
2	Merge or Com­bine Two Sorted Linked Lists
1	Singly Linked List Imple­men­ta­tion

Arrays
74	Stock Sin­gle Sell Prob­lem — O(n) Solution
73	Max­i­mum Sub­ar­ray OR Largest Sum Con­tigu­ous Sub­ar­ray Prob­lem – Divide and Conquer
72	Max­i­mum dif­fer­ence between two ele­ments where larger ele­ment appears after the smaller element
71	Find the two repeat­ing ele­ments in a given array | 6 Approaches
70	Find two ele­ments whose sum is clos­est to zero
69	Find the ele­ment which appears max­i­mum num­ber of times in the array.
68	Find dupli­cates in an given array in O(n) time and O(1) extra space
67	Find the last non repeat­ing char­ac­ter in a given string
66	Find the last repeat­ing char­ac­ter in a given string
65	Find the first non repeat­ing char­ac­ter in a given string
64	Find the first repeat­ing char­ac­ter in a given string
63	Find longest Snake sequence in a given matrix
62	Count all paths in 2D Matrix with Obstruc­tions in it
61	Count all paths from top left to bot­tom right of a mXn matrix
60	Reverse the given Array with­out using built in function
59	Print All Diag­o­nals of a given matrix
58	Kadane’s Algo­rithm — Max­i­mum Sub­ar­ray Problem
57	Short­est Range in K-sorted Lists
56	Gen­er­ate Max­i­mum rev­enue by sell­ing K tick­ets from N windows
55	Print All Pos­si­ble Sub­sets with Sum equal to a given Num­ber
55	Print All N Length Strings from Given Num­ber K
54	Gen­er­ate Well Ordered Pass­words of a Given Length K
53	All N Length Strings from Given String of Length K
52	Find the Kth Smallest/Largest Ele­ment in an Array
51	Pri­or­ity Queue Imple­men­ta­tion
50	Merge K Sorted Arrays
49	Find a Miss­ing Num­ber From a Sequence of Con­sec­u­tive Num­bers | XOR Method
48	Rearrange the Array of Given Range N, such that A[i]=i
47	Find a Num­ber occur­ring odd num­ber of times in a Given array
46	Binary Min — Max Heap
45	Magic Index — Find Index In Sorted Array Such That A[i] = i.
44	Print All Com­bi­na­tions of sub­set of size K from Given Array
43	Print All the Sub­sets of a Given Set (Power Set)
42	Con­struct a Spe­cial Tri­an­gle from a Given Array
41	Find Increas­ing Triplet Sub-sequence
40	Track the Max­i­mum Ele­ment in a Stack.
39	Print All Pos­si­ble Valid Com­bi­na­tions Of Paren­the­sis of Given ‘N’
38	Count­ing Sort
37	Tow­ers Of Hanoi
36	Find The Miss­ing Dupli­cate in a Given Array.
35	Sort 3 Inte­gers with­out using if con­di­tion OR use only Max() func­tion.
34	Euclid­ean algo­rithm — Great­est Com­mon Divisor(GCD)
33	Imple­ment Queue Using Stacks
32	Depth First Search/Traversal in Binary Tree
31	Check if Array is Con­sec­u­tive Inte­gers
30	In an Array, find the Con­tigu­ous Sub­ar­ray with Sum to a Given Value.
29	In an Array, find the Small­est Sub­ar­ray with Sum Greater than the Given Value
28	Rearrange Pos­i­tive and Neg­a­tive Ele­ments at Alter­nate Posi­tions in an Array In O(1) Extra Space
27	Find inter­sec­tion between Two Sorted Arrays.
26	Find Kth Small­est or Largest ele­ment in an Array.
25	Given an array arrA[], find the max­i­mum j – i such that arr[j] > arr[i].
24	Find All Ele­ments in an Array which appears more than N/K times, N is Array Size and k is a Num­ber.
23	Search an Ele­ment in a Rotated Sorted Array
22	Print All The Per­mu­ta­tions Of a String
21	Sort an Given Array in the order defined by another array
20	Sort an Array such that the odd num­bers appear first fol­lowed by the even num­bers . The odd num­bers in ascend­ing order and the even num­bers in descend­ing order.
19	Find the num­ber of occur­rences of a num­ber in a given sorted array.
18	Find all com­mon num­bers in given three sorted arrays.
17	Find the first repeated ele­ment in an array by its index
16	Min­i­mum num­ber that can­not be formed by any sub­set of an array
15	Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree of Min­i­mal Height
14	Count All Paths from Top left to bot­tom right in Two Dimen­sional Array includ­ing Diag­o­nal Paths
13	Print All Paths from Top left to bot­tom right in Two Dimen­sional Array
12	Rearrange Pos­i­tive and Neg­a­tive Num­bers of Array On Each Side in O(nlogn)
11	Find The Longest Sequence Of Pre­fix Shared By All The Words In A String
10	Print All Ele­ments of Two Dimen­sional Array in Spi­ral
9	Given an array and a num­ber k, check for pair in array with sum as k in O(nlgn)
8	Quick Sort Imple­men­ta­tion
7	Find an Ele­ment in 2 dimen­sional sorted array
6	Find Whether Given String is palin­drome or Not.
5	Find a peak ele­ment in a Given Array
4	Find two Miss­ing Num­bers in a Sequence of Con­sec­u­tive Num­bers
3	Find a Miss­ing Num­ber From a Sequence of Con­sec­u­tive Num­bers
2	Merge Sort — Updated — Most Effi­cient ways to Imple­ment
1	Binary Search

Strings
11	Sort Names by their Last Names.
10	Print All Pos­si­ble Valid Com­bi­na­tions Of Paren­the­sis of Given ‘N’
9	Gen­er­ate All Strings of n bits.
8	Print All The Per­mu­ta­tions Of a String
7	Check if one string is Rota­tion of another string
6	String Com­pres­sion using count of repeated char­ac­ters — Run Length Encod­ing
5	Replace all spaces in a String with ‘%20′
4	Find Whether Two Strings are Per­mu­ta­tion of each other
3	Find The Longest Sequence Of Pre­fix Shared By All The Words In A String
2	Find Out Whether String Con­tains All The Unique Char­ac­ters
1	Find Whether Given Sequence of paren­the­ses are well formed.

Bit Manip­u­la­tion
9	Reverse the binary rep­re­sen­ta­tion of a num­ber.
8	Find The Miss­ing Dupli­cate in a Given Array
7	Gen­er­ate All Strings of n bits.
6	Find a Miss­ing Num­ber From a Sequence of Con­sec­u­tive Num­bers | XOR Method
5	Find a Num­ber occur­ring odd num­ber of times in a Given array
4	Find the right most set bit of a num­ber
3	Find the two repeat­ing ele­ments in a given array | 6 Approaches
2	Find the right most unset bit OR zero bit of a num­ber
1	Num­ber of 1’s in bit rep­re­sen­ta­tion of a num­ber

MISC
5	Find num­bers which are palin­drome in both their dec­i­mal and octal Rep­re­sen­ta­tions
4	Col­or­ful Num­bers
3	Goldbach’s Con­jec­ture
2	Con­vert Dec­i­mal into Irre­ducible Frac­tion
1	Clock Angle Prob­lem